The youngest female author was Dorothy Straight. She was only 4 when she wrote How the World Began, in 1964, for her grandmother. Her parents thought it was good enough to be published.

The youngest male author was Dennis Vollmer who wrote Joshua Disobeys in 1987 at age 6. The book and illustrations tell the story of a baby whale who doesn’t listen to his mother’s warnings and gets in trouble.

Dr. Seuss’ full name was Theodor Seuss Geisel. He loved to wear crazy hats to parties. When he was having a hard time coming up with rhymes, he would sometimes put on one of his many “thinking caps” for inspiration.
Dr. Seuss wrote his first book in 1936 while crossing the Atlantic on the luxury liner Kungsholm. The sound of the ship’s engines annoyed him, and his wife suggested that he use their rhythm to help him write a book in rhyme. The book, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, was rejected by publishers 27 times before Vanguard Publishing took a chance and accepted the manuscript. The gamble paid off! Dr. Seuss went on to write 43 other books that have been enjoyed by millions of children and parents around the world.

In 2000 Publishers Weekly released lists of the best-selling children’s books of all time. The Poky Little Puppy, by Janette Sebring Lowrey, topped the hardcover list, and Charlotte's Web, written by E. B. White and illustrated by Garth Williams, was No. 1 on the paperback list.

A.A. Milne, the author of the Winnie the Pooh series, used his son as inspiration for the character Christopher Robin. His son, also named Christopher Robin, grew up hating the stories because his schoolmates teased him about his imaginary friends. When Christopher was born, Milne and his wife wanted to name him Billy. They had second thoughts because they considered Billy too informal, but they didn't like the name William. Instead, they decided to give him two first names, with each parent choosing a name.

Who do you think has sold more children’s books than any other author? J. K. Rowling? Try again! It’s R. L. Stine, the author of the Goosebumps series. More than 220 million of the books have been sold since 1992, when the first book, Welcome to the Dead House, was published. It’s not surprising since Stine produces about two books every month.

Agatha Christie (1890–1976) is the world’s best-selling fiction writer. She wrote 78 crime novels that sold more than 2 billion copies.

Hillary Clinton’s memoir, Living History, sold more than 200,000 copies in its first day of publication, more than any other nonfiction title. It was published in June 2003.
